(#473) Adds C4BAE License Update Instructions (#474)
chocolatey/docs: input/en-us/c4b-environments/azure/license-update.md

---
Order: 28
xref: c4b-azure-license-update

> Title: Updating Your Chocolatey For Business License

Author: I worry this title is too long. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1975761/168584677-e8937958-5111-4ca1-b140-1031a1de5a00.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1975761/168584690-abba6aca-98e3-4615-b026-498eb79a953e.png)

Thoughts?

Reviewer: I think it's fine.

If you do want to change it, could consider dropping the "your" ("Chocolatey for Business License Update") or go for the same format as the certificate guide and trim it all the way down to "License Update" but I feel like this benefits from being a little more verbose than that.

Author: I went full terse, in the end. Just matches the rest a bit better, and the description is still nicely verbose.

> Title: Updating Your Chocolatey For Business License

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: Updating Your Chocolatey for Business License
```

> Description: How to update the license in use on Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: How to update the license in use on your Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment.
```

---

## Summary

> If you use Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment for longer periods of time, the license you used to deploy it may expire. In these cases, you will need to update the license used in your Chocolatey for Business environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use the Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment for long periods of time, the license you used to deploy it may expire and you will need to update it.
```

> If you use Chocolatey For Business Azure Environment for longer periods of time, the license you used to deploy it may expire. In these cases, you will need to update the license used in your Chocolatey For Business environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment for longer periods of time, the license you used to deploy it may expire. In these cases, you will need to update the license used in your Chocolatey for Business environment.
```

### Prerequisites

> - You will need a recent version of Chocolatey CLI installed

Reviewer 2: This is a bit non-specific. What does 'recent version' mean? Is there a minimum version? Is there a 'thing' that means there is a specific minimum version that's needed?

Author: Looking into it, this should be fine with any version of Chocolatey - even pre-0.9.8.

```suggestion
- You will need Chocolatey CLI installed.
```

Reviewer: @JPRuskin - if you want to add in that edit (I can't from this UI anymore), I think this is ready to merge 🚀

> - You will need your new Chocolatey For Business license file
> - You will need the FQDN of your Chocolatey For Business Azure Environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You will need your new Chocolatey for Business license file
- You will need the FQDN of your Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment
```

> - You will need a recent version of Chocolatey CLI installed
> - You will need your new Chocolatey for Business license file
> - You will need the FQDN of your Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment
> - You will need the API Key for your Nexus repository (or access to the Resource Group / Azure Key Vault)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You will need a recent version of Chocolatey CLI installed.
- You will need your new Chocolatey for Business license file.
- You will need the FQDN of your Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment.
- You will need the API Key for your Nexus repository (or access to the Resource Group hosting your Azure Key Vault to be able to [retrieve it]((xref:c4b-azure#accessing-services))).
```

> Please refer to [accessing services](xref:c4b-azure#accessing-services) if you need to retrieve the API key, which is stored in the Key Vault as `PackageApiKey`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ## Creating a new License Package

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Creating a New License Package
```

> When you initially deploy a Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment, you upload your Chocolatey for Business license. This is then used to create a Chocolatey Package that installs the license on your nodes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you initially deploy a Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment, you upload your Chocolatey for Business license. This is then used to create a Chocolatey package that installs the license on your nodes.
```

> When you initially deploy a Chocolatey For Business Azure Environment, you upload your Chocolatey For Business license. This is then used to create a Chocolatey Package that installs the license on your nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you initially deploy a Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment, you upload your Chocolatey for Business license. This is then used to create a Chocolatey Package that installs the license on your nodes.
```

We will need to create an updated version of the package, which will overwrite the previous version of the license on install.

> Open a PowerShell window and run the following code (filling in prompts or setting values appropriately):

Reviewer 2: Does that PowerShell session need to be elevated?

Author: Yep, given the limited scope of commands (using a temp dir and `choco pack`) it works fine without elevation.

> Open a PowerShell window and run the following code (filling in prompts or setting values appropriately):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open a PowerShell window and run the following code (which will prompt you for information for values that are not set)::
```

    <title>Chocolatey License</title>
    <authors>Chocolatey Software, Inc</authors>
    <tags>chocolatey license</tags>
    <summary>Installs the Chocolatey commercial license file.</summary>
    <description>This package ensures installation of the Chocolatey commercial license file.
This should be installed internally prior to installing other packages, directly after Chocolatey is installed and prior to installing `chocolatey.extension` and `chocolatey-agent`.
The order for scripting is this:
* chocolatey
* chocolatey-license
* chocolatey.extension
* chocolatey-agent
If items are installed in any other order, it could have strange effects or fail.
    </description>
  </metadata>
  <files>
    <file src="tools\**" target="tools" />
  </files>
</package>
'@.Trim()

# Update the license
Copy-Item -Path $LicensePath -Destination $ToolsDir\chocolatey.license.xml -Force
$PackageVersion = Get-Date ([xml](Get-Content $LicensePath)).license.expiration -Format 'yyyy.MM.dd'

# Pack everything up
choco pack $WorkingDirectory\chocolatey-license\chocolatey-license.nuspec --output-directory="$WorkingDirectory" --version=$PackageVersion
```

## Uploading the License Package

> We now need to upload this new package to the Nexus repository. This is very simple:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We now need to upload this new package to the Nexus repository. Open a PowerShell window and run the following code (which will prompt you for information for values are not set):
```

```PowerShell
if (-not $FQDN) {

>     $FQDN = "$(Read-Host -Prompt 'Please enter the FQDN for the C4BAE application')"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    $FQDN = "$(Read-Host -Prompt 'Please enter the FQDN for the Chocolatey for Business Azure Environment application')"
```

    if (([uri]$FQDN).Host) {$FQDN = ([uri]$FQDN).Host}
}
if (-not $NexusApiKey) {

>     $NexusApiKey = "$(Read-Host -Prompt 'Please enter the API Key for pushing nuget packages to Nexus')"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    $NexusApiKey = "$(Read-Host -Prompt 'Please enter the API Key to be used to push Chocolatey packages to Nexus')"
```

}

$LicensePackage = (Get-Item $env:Temp\ChocolateyLicensedPackage\*.nupkg)[-1]
choco push $LicensePackage.FullName --source="https://$($FQDN)/nexus/repository/ChocolateyInternal/" --api-key="$NexusApiKey" --force
```

> ## Pushing the new License to Nodes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Pushing the New License to Nodes
```
